Help Us Replace Harmful Language and Outdated Subject Headings in the Catalog

NYU Libraries has launched the Changing the Subject project (Google Doc) to remove harmful and outdated subject headings in our catalog.

Report harmful language via the online form, or through the "Provide Feedback" link in the submenu of every page in the catalog.

Collections Access
In-person access to library stacks: If an item says "Available" in one of our libraries, you may get items directly from the stacks (does not include "Offsite" items).
Requesting for locker pick-up, delivery, or digital scan is available, but may not be your fastest option. For details, visit the Collections Access page.
What option should I choose?
If you need your item today and it is "Available" in the catalog, you can go directly to the stacks and get the item off the shelf. Use our maps to help navigate the stacks.
If you can wait 3-5 days, request locker pick-up.
If there is no digital version and you do not need the full item, request a scan of 1-2 chapters.
Need Help?

Use Ask A Librarian or the "Chat with Us" icon at the bottom right corner for any question you have about the Libraries' services.

Visit our online tutorials for tips on searching the catalog and getting library resources.

Additional Resources
Use EZBorrow or InterLibrary Loan (ILL) for materials unavailable at NYU
Discover subject specific resources using expert curated research guides
Explore the complete list of library services
Reach out to the Libraries on our Instagram
Search WorldCat for items in nearby libraries
Using the Catalog
What is in Books & More?

Using the search bar on this page, you can find:

books / e-books
journals / e-journals
videos and sound recordings
offsite materials
special collections
Tools to help with your search:
online tutorials for using the catalog
browse journals by title
find an article by citation

Resources are across all of NYU’s Abu Dhabi and global libraries.

Looking for Articles or Databases?

Use the Articles & Databases tab to find:

articles from multidisciplinary databases
databases by title or by subject area

Note: For these resources, you must use the Articles & Databases tab, and not the search bar on this screen.